All right, your job, is there are two
kinds of completed examples here.
You can choose whichever one makes you
happier or you can do your own design.
You do whatever you want.
But we've got this version,
which is effectively the same or
we've got this other kind of approach
where you can see that the date kinda
goes from horizontal to vertical.
But you get that nice like
the Instagram postcard.
Or if you have your own idea where
you wanna combine the two, go for it.
I did the first one and then decided I
wanna do the second one for fancies.
You can implement your
own design as well or
you can try out to try
to match one of these.
The fun part too is you can
also like peek at them and
take a look as well and
kick the tires on them.
So our mission is let's go with
this one coz this seems more fun.
Unless someone wants to make a strong case
to do the other one, I don't really care.
Let's go for it real quick.
So let's, we'll drag in a hold
option drag some copies around.
The time, the date are different and
yeah let's do,
That, all right, so
what do I wanna do here?
I might actually try to this is
where I get myself in trouble where
I decided to like what if I do
neither plan and just wing it and
try something different where
I kinda want This effect but
I still wanted to go on the side like
this one when I was just having fun.
The date collapses, but it doesn't do,
I want kind of a combination
of the two effects.
Let's see this,
how could this possibly end poorly for me?
So let's play around this, so
I'm thinking this is a frame.
This is already kind of
its own thing as well.
So let's go ahead and then I'm gonna make,
I'm gonna make this a frame as well and
it's currently 263 and about like,
almost the smallest it can get.
So I'm gonna say that it's,
Make this an auto layout and
we're gonna say
that it's mean width is let's say 270,
right?
And so we've got that.
And we'll go ahead,
we'll make that an auto layout.
And let's have that one wrap too
with a horizontal gap of 16.
16 looks good and so
at its smallest, does it ever flip?
Doesn't really flip.
So you know what we're gonna do,
we're gonna simulate that,
but you're just making the font bigger.
Cool, and so we've got this
frame here that we're gonna say
that it can fill the container so
that it does now flip over.
Like we had in the other one,
and let's say that one,
we wanna center align it,
and we're gonna say it's
auto in this direction and
eight in this direction.
So now if I look at this one,
it'll kind of flip like that as well,
cool.
This let's go wrap this all
in now in auto frame here,
and so give it a frame and
then we will auto frame it.
And we're gonna say that
this one also wraps,
let's say 32 here.
And we'll give this one a min width of,
it should never get
smaller than it is now,
that's the smallest should ever be.
And now let's actually
say that this one does.
Fill its container going that way.
So let's see how close did I get, okay.
All right, I don't hate it.
Now I can't give the entire thing padding,
coz I want that kind of cool effect
right for the border radius.
So at this point we'll only
give this one some padding.
And I mostly think I only care
about it horizontally at first so
let's try that out We can have
questions about whether or
not that's enough padding on that side or
if I should double it.
But like, let's worry about
the responsive pieces rather
than the little things
we can tweak afterwards.
So okay this also needs some
kind of man width of its own So
now I can go big like that and
get smaller as well.
Do I love this added effect that I did?
I don't but it's fine.
Coz it's really easy to fix if I
decide you know what the wrapping
is kind of obnoxious and
I don't wanna do it anymore.
I can go up to this frame and
I can just change it to a column and
it's not that hard to implement.
Here we wanna say,
interesting I don't wanna
add the horizontal padding
again to the entire thing.
And now since this has its own padding,
we can argue
that there shouldn't be a gap at all here,
right?
And maybe, no, what do we think?
I don't like that.
What do we think about this?
I don't know if we like it but
we'll try it.
I don't hate it, it's a design choice.
I don't, we got the point of
the nested layers here, but
like we can kind of get to the point
where we can have that all in place.
So now we'll give this overall
frame a fill of white and
we'll give it those rounded
edges that I like so much.
And let's go ahead and
just give it a drop shadow.
And so now we've got that effect, yeah.
Just-
>> Thinking the clip content.
>> Yeah, it couldn't tell coz
it was like the color was so
close to the background, I had to zoom
in and get a sense there as well.
So now I've got this cool little
card that maybe the breakpoints need
to change slightly, but
the overall effect is a responsive car
that we can kinda see both ways as well.
And so, it's a super powerful tool for
complicated layouts.